configure8

LICENSE AGREEMENT 

Effective Date: March 27th, 2024

configure8, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“configure8”, the “Company”, “we”, “us” or other similar terms) provides a proprietary software-as-a-service platform known as “configure8” that is made available on a software-as-a-service (“SaaS”) basis and consolidates information from across multiple cloud operations, resources, accounts and services into one simplified dashboard for purposes of enabling technology teams to better track, navigate, understand,  access, and optimize their distributed cloud architecture (as further defined below, the “Platform”).  

In order for customers utilize aspects of the Platform functionality, it may be necessary for customers to install configure8’s proprietary agent for Kubernetes (as more fully defined below, the “Agent”) on the customer’s systems, infrastructure or networks.  The Agent is provided as downloadable software and, when locally installed and deployed, facilitates the transmission of information related to the customer’s cloud operations, resources, accounts and services back to the Platform and thereby enables use of the Platform consistent with its intended purpose.  This License Agreement (this “Agreement”) sets forth the terms and conditions pursuant to which Platform customers may download,  install, access and use the Agent.  This Agreement constitutes a legal agreement between you or your employer or other entity on whose behalf you enter into this Agreement (“you”, “your” or “Customer”) and configure8.  

BY ACCESSING AND USING THE AGENT, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT SELECT THE “AGREE” BUTTON OR OTHERWISE CLICK ON ANY BUTTON OR OTHER MECHANISM DESIGNED TO ACKNOWLEDGE OR ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT, AND DO NOT INSTALL, ACCESS OR USE THE AGENT. 

IF YOU ARE ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY, ORGANIZATION OR ANOTHER LEGAL ENTITY (AN “ENTITY”), YOU ARE AGREEING TO THIS AGREEMENT FOR THAT ENTITY AND REPRESENTING TO CONFIGURE8 THAT YOU HAVE THE LEGAL AUTHORITY TO BIND SUCH ENTITY AND ITS AFFILIATES TO THIS AGREEMENT, IN WHICH CASE THE TERMS “YOU”, “YOUR”, “CUSTOMER” OR A RELATED TERM HEREIN SHALL REFER TO SUCH ENTITY AND ITS EMPLOYEES AND AUTHORIZED AGENT.   IF YOU DO NOT HAVE SUCH AUTHORITY, OR IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS AGREEMENT, YOU MUST NOT ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT AND MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THE AGENT.

1. Definitions.  For purposes of this Agreement, the following capitalized terms shall have the following meaning:

a. “Agent” means (i) configure8’s proprietary k8 agent, which is provided as downloadable software and, when installed and deployed, facilitates the transmission of information related to Customer’s cloud operations, resources, accounts and services back to the Platform and thereby enables use of the Platform consistent with its intended purpose, and (ii) any related software, source code, applications, APIs, tools, documentation and any other technology, content or digital materials that are made available by configure8 for use by Customer in connection with the k8 agent.

b. “configure8 Platform” or the “Platform” means (i) configure8's proprietary software-as-a-service platform known as “configure8” that is made available on a software-as-a-service (“SaaS”) basis and consolidates information from across multiple cloud operations, resources, accounts and services into one simplified dashboard for purposes of enabling technology teams to better track, navigate, understand,  access, and optimize their distributed cloud architecture, (ii) any related websites offered by configure8, and (iii) any related data, APIs, software, technology, programs and/or software and platform specific related services or functions that configure8 may provide to its customers from time-to-time. 

c. “Customer Agreement” means the configure8 Platform Agreement, Terms of Service, Terms of Use, License Agreement, SaaS Agreement or other contract or agreement pursuant to which Customer subscribes to the Platform.

d. “Feedback” means suggestions, comments or feedback (whether provided orally or in writing) with respect to the Agent or the configure8 Platform, including without limitation, feedback on features or functionality, usability, and specifications therefor, and may also include suggestions or ideas for improvements or enhancements to the Agent and/or configure8 Platform.

e. “Intellectual Property Rights” means all intangible legal rights, titles and interests evidenced by or embodied in all: (i) inventions (regardless of patentability and whether or not reduced to practice), improvements thereto, patents, patent applications, patent disclosures, together with all reissuances, continuations, continuations in part, revisions, extensions and reexaminations thereof; (ii) trademarks, service marks, trade dress, logos, trade names, corporate names, together with translations, adaptations, derivations and combinations thereof, including goodwill associated therewith, and applications, registrations, and renewals in connection therewith; (iii) any work of authorship (regardless of whether copyrightable), copyrightable works, copyrights (including moral rights), and applications, registrations and renewals in connection therewith; (iv) mask works and applications, registrations and renewals in connection therewith; (v) trade secrets and confidential information; and (vi) other proprietary rights and any other similar rights, in each case on a worldwide basis, and copies and tangible embodiments thereof, in whatever form or medium.

2. Application of this Agreement and your Customer Agreement.  The Agent is a component of the Platform and is proprietary to configure8. The Agent is provided via github as downloadable software solely to facilitate easier access to and distribution of the Agent and also to facilitate easier distribution of periodic Agent modifications and updates.  

a. If you are bound by or subject to a Customer Agreement, then the terms and conditions of that Customer Agreement apply to the Agent due to its nature as a component of the Platform (i.e., the terms and conditions of the Customer Agreement applicable to the Platform shall also apply to the Agent).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, because the Agent is being provided as downloadable software (vs. made available on a SaaS basis) (i) the license grant set forth in Section 3 of this Agreement (Grant of License) shall apply in lieu of the SaaS-based access and use rights set forth in your Customer Agreement, and (ii) any other terms and conditions of your Customer Agreement that are applicable only in a SaaS context with respect to the Platform shall, as close as reasonably possible, hereby be automatically adjusted on a mutatis mutandis basis to apply in a downloadable software context with respect to the Agent.  Additionally, Section 11 of this Agreement (Effect of Termination) shall also apply upon termination of this Agreement.  Except as specified above in this subsection (a), the remaining terms and conditions of this Agreement do not apply to you, and your access to and use of the Agent shall be subject to the Customer Agreement. 

b. If you are NOT bound by or subject to a Customer Agreement and do not have a Platform subscription, but nonetheless desire to access and use the Agent, then all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement (other than Section 2(a)) shall apply to you and your access to and use of the Agent.  

3. Grant of License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, configure8 grants to Customer, during the Term, a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable, revocable license to install, integrate, access and use the Agent on your systems, services and infrastructure for purposing of enabling and supporting your configure8 Platform deployment.  

4. Reservation of Rights; Use Restrictions.  configure8 is providing the Agent under this Agreement for convenience purposes only, and configure8 assumes no responsibility or liability for the Agent.  Any use of the Agent is entirely at your own risk and discretion, and you are fully responsible for installing, deploying, integrating, supporting and maintaining the Agent.  Other than the license rights explicitly granted in this Agreement, you shall have no other rights, express or implied, in or to the Agent. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing and except as expressly permitted by this Agreement, you agree that you shall not: (i) allow any third party to use the Agent in any manner, including but not limited to, sell, lease, market, transfer, assign the right to use, sublicense or distribute the Agent, or any part thereof; (ii) modify, revise, alter or create derivative works based on the Agent or reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise reduce to human-perceivable form the Agent's source code; (iii) copy or allow copies of the Agent to be made except strictly as needed to use the Agent consistent with the terms of this Agreement; (iv) remove, alter or obscure any proprietary notice or identification, including copyright, trademark, patent or other notices, contained in or displayed on or via the Agent; (v) use the Agent to violate any applicable laws, rules, regulations, or third party privacy, confidentiality or intellectual property rights, or for any unlawful, harmful, irresponsible, or inappropriate purpose, or in any manner that breaches this Agreement, or for any purpose not otherwise consistent with its intended use; (vi) use the Agent to harvest, collect, process or otherwise gain access to any personal information or personal data as defined by any applicable privacy law, without the prior written consent of the applicable individual and in each case only as permitted by and consistent with applicable law; (vii) use any data and information collected via the Agent for purposes inconsistent with its intended use and/or in violation of applicable law (including privacy laws); (viii) violate the security of any configure8 or third party networks, systems or devices; (ix) use the Agent for illegal, criminal or any unintended purposes, including to distribute viruses or any other technologies that may harm or negatively impact configure8 or any third party; (x) use the Agent for competitive purposes, including, without limitation, to create or develop products or services competitive with the configure8 Platform or for purposes of competitive analysis or otherwise gaining a competitive business advantage over configure8; and/or (xi) represent that you possess any proprietary interest in the Agent.   

5. Your Responsibilities; Updates.  You are and shall be fully and completely responsible and liable to configure8 for your access to and use of the Agent.  If you deploy, use or integrate the Agent with any third party software, service, technology and/or materials (collectively “Third Party Technology”), you are solely responsible for that Third Party Technology and for ensuring that you have all necessary third party permissions and consents required in connection therewith. We may (but are not required to) update the Agent from time to time.  Updates shall be posted in github and it is your responsibility to check for any updates. 

6. No configure8 Responsibility.  configure8 is not and shall not be responsible for the Agent, including any possible errors, faults, interruptions or discontinued services caused by the Agent or for any loss, damage or expense which may result from the Agent. configure8 does not provide any warranties or make any representations to you with respect to the Agent. configure8 provides the Agent for use in connection with the Platform for convenience purposes only.  configure8 may, but is not required to, provide any maintenance, updates, upgrades or other support for the Agent. If you are dissatisfied with any aspect of the Agent at any time, your sole remedy is to discontinue your further use thereof.

7. Ownership. You acknowledge and agree that the Agent, including all Intellectual Property Rights evidenced by, embodied in and/or connected to the Agent, are and shall remain the sole and exclusive property of configure8, and you shall not take any actions in relation to the Agent that are inconsistent with, or in violation of, the ownership rights and Intellectual Property Rights of configure8 (and our licensors). Nothing in this Agreement shall constitute a waiver of Intellectual Property Rights under any law, or be in any way construed or interpreted as such.  If you provide configure8 with Feedback, you acknowledge that any and all rights, including Intellectual Property Rights, in such Feedback shall belong exclusively to configure8 and you hereby irrevocably and unconditionally transfers and assigns to configure8 all Intellectual Property Rights in and to such Feedback and waives any and all moral rights that you may have in respect thereto. It is further understood that use of Feedback, if any, may be made by configure8 at its sole discretion, and that configure8 in no way shall be obliged to make use of any of the Feedback or part thereof. If, notwithstanding the assignment of Feedback set forth above, you retain ownership of any Feedback, you hereby grant to configure8 a nonexclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free right and license to use, disclose and exploit such Feedback without restriction, including, without limitation, to use the Feedback for its business and commercial purposes and to reproduce, modify, create derivative works of, license, distribute and otherwise commercialize the Feedback as part of any configure8 offerings. 
 
8. Disclaimer.  THE AGENT IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR INTENDED OR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND/OR THOSE ARISING BY STATUTE OR FROM A COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE.   CONFIGURE8 MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND THAT THE AGENT, OR ANY RESULTS ARISING FROM THE USE THEREOF, WILL MEET YOUR OR ANY OTHER PERSON'S REQUIREMENTS, OPERATE WITHOUT INTERRUPTION, ACHIEVE ANY INTENDED RESULT, BE COMPATIBLE OR WORK WITH THE PLATFORM OR ANY OF YOUR OR ANY THIRD PARTY TECHNOLOGY, SYSTEM, DEVICE OR OTHER SERVICES, OR BE SECURE, ACCURATE, COMPLETE, FREE OF HARMFUL CODE, OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT ANY ERRORS OR DEFECTS CAN OR WILL BE CORRECTED.

9. Indemnity; Limitation of Liability.  You agree that configure8 shall have no liability whatsoever for any use of the Agent by you. You hereby agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless configure8 and its affiliates from and against all liabilities, amounts, damages, claims, alleged claims, costs and expenses, including attorney’s fees, relating to, or arising out of, or connected with your use or misuse of the Agent, and/or your breach of this Agreement. IN NO EVENT WILL CONFIGURE8 BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR INDIRECT DAMAGES OR COSTS (INCLUDING LEGAL FEES AND EXPENSES) OR LOSS OF GOODWILL OR PROFIT IN CONNECTION WITH THE SUPPLY, PERFORMANCE, USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE AGENT OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY CLAIM ARISING FROM THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF CONFIGURE8 HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR COSTS. THE MAXIMUM AGGREGATE AND CUMULATIVE LIABILITY OF CONFIGURE8 FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY, SHALL BE ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100). NO ACTION ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF FORM, MAY BE BROUGHT MORE THAN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE DATE THE CAUSE OF ACTION HAS ACCRUED. 

10. Term and Termination. This Agreement shall continue until terminated as set forth in this Section (the “Term”). You may terminate this Agreement at any time by removing the Agent from your networks, devices and systems and destroying all copies of the Agent in your possession or under your control, including without limitation, deleting all copies of all source code and documentation provided by configure8 with respect to the Agent.  This Agreement shall automatically terminate without further action by any party in the event that your Customer Agreement terminates or expires. Your failure to comply with this Agreement will result in automatic immediate termination of this Agreement and configure8 reserves the right to exercise any and all legal remedies with respect thereto. configure8 also reserves the right to terminate this Agreement at any time and without notice.

11. Effect of Termination.  Upon termination of this Agreement, you must (i) cease any and all further use of the Agent, and (ii) remove the Agent from all devices, hard drives, networks and other storage media (as applicable) and destroy all copies of the Agent (including all source code and documentation) in your possession or under your control. The provisions of Sections 3 through 14 (to the extent applicable to you) shall survive the termination, expiration or other ending of this Agreement.   

12. Confidential Information.  For purposes of this Section, “Confidential Information” means: (a) the Agent (including all source code and documentation provided as part of the Agent or together with the Agent), and all technical information relating thereto; and (b) any business or technical information of configure8, including, but not limited to, any information relating to configure8’s product plans, designs, costs, product prices and names, finances, marketing plans, business opportunities, personnel, research, development or know-how.  You will not use the Confidential Information for any purposes other than as necessary for the exercise of your rights under this Agreement and consistent with the terms and conditions hereof.   You will not disclose any Confidential Information to any third party. You will use best efforts to protect the Confidential Information from unauthorized use or disclosure, but in no event less than the efforts that you ordinarily use with respect to your own confidential information of similar importance. The obligations in this Section will not apply to the extent any information: (a) is or becomes generally known to the public through no fault or breach of this Agreement by you; (b) is rightfully known by you at the time of disclosure without an obligation of confidentiality; (c) is independently developed by you without access to or use of any Confidential Information; or (d) is rightfully obtained by you from a third party without restriction on use or disclosure.

13.	Entire Agreement.  This Agreement represents the complete and entire agreement concerning the Agent between you and configure8 and supersedes all prior agreements and representations between you and configure8 related to the Agent, except if you have a Customer Agreement with configure8 in which case Section 2 describes how the Customer Agreement also applies to your use of the Agent.  This Agreement does not convey any rights to access or use the Platform and all use of the Platform shall be subject to a Customer Agreement. 

14.	Miscellaneous. The relationship between the parties is that of independent contractors.  This Agreement will not create or be deemed to create any agency, partnership or joint venture between the parties.  configure8 may update this Agreement in its discretion from time to time and such revised Agreement shall apply when you receive notice that it is updated (with notice delivered via email or via posting on github being sufficient for this purpose) or otherwise download and use a new version of the Agent that is governed by a updated version of this Agreement. In the event any provision of this Agreement is found to be legally unenforceable, such unenforceability shall not prevent enforcement of any other provision of this Agreement.  This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia without giving effect to its principles of conflict of laws.  The parties hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submit to the jurisdiction of state and federal courts in Fairfax, Virginia. You may not assign this Agreement, or assign or delegate any of your rights or obligations pursuant to this Agreement without the prior written consent of configure8, whether expressly or by operation of law, including in connection with a merger or change of control, and any such attempted assignment shall be void and of no effect. configure8 may freely assign or novate this Agreement or delegate or subcontract any rights or obligations hereunder.  configure8 shall not be responsible for any delay or failure in performance of any part of this Agreement to the extent that such delay is caused by reason of acts of God, wars, terrorism, revolution, civil commotion, acts of public enemy, embargo, acts of government in its sovereign capacity, or any other circumstances beyond the reasonable control and not involving any fault or negligence of configure8.  The terms “including” shall mean “including, without limitation” unless the context clearly requires others.  

BY ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT AND/OR ACCESSING OR USING THE AGENT, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT.  IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE AGENT.
